project_spec.md, before:

# **APP_NAME_HERE**

## Table of Contents

1. [App Overview](#App-Overview)
1. [Product Spec](#Product-Spec)
1. [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
1. [Build Notes](#Build-Notes)

## App Overview

### Description 

**Description of your app**

### App Evaluation

<!-- Evaluation of your app across the following attributes -->

- **Category:**
- **Mobile:**
- **Story:**
- **Market:**
- **Habit:**
- **Scope:**

## Product Spec

### 1. User Features (Required and Optional)

Required Features:

- **fill in here**
- ...

Stretch Features:

- **fill in here**
- ...

### 2. Chosen API(s)

- **list first API endpoint here**
  - **list associated required feature here**
  - ...
- ...

### 3. User Interaction

Required Feature

- **list first user action here**
  - => **list result of user action here**
  - ...
- **list second user action here**
  - => **list result of user action here**
  - ...

## Wireframes

<!-- Add picture of your hand sketched wireframes in this section -->
<img src="YOUR_WIREFRAME_IMAGE_URL" width=600>

### [BONUS] Digital Wireframes & Mockups

### [BONUS] Interactive Prototype

## Build Notes

Here's a place for any other notes on the app, it's creation 
process, or what you learned this unit!  

For Milestone 2, include **2+ Videos/GIFs** of the build process here!

## License

Copyright **yyyy** **your name**

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

add some possible user features & APIs & user interactions

project_spec.md, after:

# **Meal Mate**

## Table of Contents

1. [App Overview](#App-Overview)
1. [Product Spec](#Product-Spec)
1. [Wireframes](#Wireframes)
1. [Build Notes](#Build-Notes)

## App Overview

### Description 

**Description of your app**

### App Evaluation

<!-- Evaluation of your app across the following attributes -->

- **Category:Food**
- **Mobile:Android**
- **Story:**
- **Market:**
- **Habit:**
- **Scope:**

## Product Spec

### 1. User Features (Required and Optional)

Required Features:

- **Dispaly Recipes**


Stretch Features:

- **Display recipes by category or Area**


### 2. Chosen API(s)

- **www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/categories.php**
  - **Get the recipes categories**
- **www.themealdb.com/api/json/v1/1/search.php?s=Arrabiata**
  - ***Search the recipe by name*

### 3. User Interaction

Required Feature

- **Search recipe by name**
  - => **Display the recipes with the given name**
  - ...
- **View recipes**
  - => **Randomly view the recipes**
  - ...

## Wireframes

<!-- Add picture of your hand sketched wireframes in this section -->
<img src="YOUR_WIREFRAME_IMAGE_URL" width=600>

### [BONUS] Digital Wireframes & Mockups

### [BONUS] Interactive Prototype

## Build Notes

Here's a place for any other notes on the app, it's creation 
process, or what you learned this unit!  

For Milestone 2, include **2+ Videos/GIFs** of the build process here!

## License

Copyright **2023** **Lingyu Hu**

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
